So let's start here in the header and
find my article.
So what we need to do here in the header
and in the intro, we know that
the comment image was associated with
that section with a class of intro.
We actually wanna keep a lot of the
styling that's associated with intro but
we need to swap the background
image out for something else.
One of the easiest ways to do
this is just add another class.
So I'm going to call this
intro space stars, okay?
So now I have two classes.
So I have two classes
that are applied here.
What this means is that all of the class,
all of the styles that have
the intro class name will apply
to this part of the webpage.
And now I can make some
new class called stars and
have styling with that,
it will also apply.
If that comes later in the document,
then my star styling will
override my intro styling.
So that's the plan for
what we're gonna do here.
So here under intro,
the intro section of my page,
I can just continue on further
down in that particular
section and
I'm going to add stars as my style.
I can give this padding I want
the padding a little different
than what I had on the home page so
4rem 0 6rem 0.
And then I'm going to need to
add my two background images.
So because I'm swapping out my background
image of the stars and my previous
intro had the two background images
the jagged background image and the comet.
Now I need to swap out
both of those images here.
The jagged one will stay the same,
the stars image will become new.
So background image,
Will be url and
this is going to be
../img/fem-featured-top.png,
url will be ../img/
fem-stars-sky.jpg.
And let me put on the word
wrap here as well.
Okay.
So one image is staying the same that's
the femme featured top, the jagged image.
I just have to redeclare it because
I'm changing the other image.
Then we can add my other styles here.
So we have background-repeat, repeat,
x, no-repeat and
background-position and
that is gonna be bottom
center, top center.
All right, then if we save that and take
a look at our web page, There's our stars.
Yay, server hello that works.
Because I had two classes and
I had intro that had the comment came
earlier in my stylesheet,
stars came later in my stylesheet.
So because of those two classes
assigned to that same section,
whatever is coming later is going
to win in this particular scenario.
So the stars override
the comment something deep and
metaphysical about that I guess, okay.
So then, A couple of other
things that I'd like to do.
I think that this text looks
a little bit long, and so
I'd like to shorten that up a little
bit and there's an easy way to do that.
The style again is gonna
be header plus article.
So this is the article that
immediately follows the header.
So in other words, not all the articles
in the document just any article that
immediately follows a header element,
max-width of 500 pixels.
So that will give us a max-width
on that text up on the top and
that just looks better.
Now you can gaze into the abyss on
the right side of the page, okay?
Awesome, let's move on to
styling the featured area.
So here in my featured styles,
Okay, so first of all,
in my featured styles.
I have an iframe with a video
that's coming from YouTube and
as we saw, by default, this video is
very tiny, really, really very tiny.
There is nothing here in the YouTube code
that indicates how big that particular
video should be.
So what I'm going to do is I am going
to add to this a class of YouTube.
Okay, so I add that here in my HTML.
Now I have a class of YouTube.
And then in my stylesheet in
my featured section here,
just scroll on down to the bottom,
before my media queries and
I'm gonna add a YouTube style.
Now, part of the issue with
iframe's is that it is very hard to
get these to scale in
a responsive kind of manner.
But thanks to the aspect ratio,
we are able to get this to scale here.
So the way to set this up is
a very cool trick for your videos.
You can say aspect-ratio is
16 / 9 if you say 16/9 and
it's all together,
I think it doesn't quite work.
You have to put the spaces in as well.
So, that's a pretty typical aspect ratio
for a video so that's what we'll use here.
We'll say width is 100%, okay?
And then we can give it some space
on the bottom, margin-bottom, 3rem.
Okay, so
now when we take a look at our web page.
We go from our tiny video to a nice
big video, isn't that great?
So pretty, okay.
Now, the next problem that we have
inside of our web page here in our
featured section as we pointed out,
we have all of this styling that looks so
great on the homepage.
And it looks absolutely awful here on
this inside page, all these figures and
figure captions and all the rest of it.
So let's use the same trick
that we just used in the intro,
where we had intro and
stars as two classes.
Here in our featured section, let's
also have two classes we can call this.
Featured and project, okay?
So in our HTML, We
can go to our featured section here.
So I'm gonna call this
section featured and
space project, okay?
So that'll give me a class that I can use
to neutralize some of this other styling.
Now, in my CSS, what I can do here is say,
make sure you're
further down in your styling
here after the initial styling.
We'll say .project, Figure
remember it's set up to
display as Grid by default,
so we'll say display block, turn that off.
And then for .project figcaption
we can say background-color transparent.
Remember transparent is the key word
that means transparent [LAUGH] Take
away all the color that I had there and
just make it nothing.
Our color will be var black,
And text-align will be left.
Of course, these last two are overriding
some styles we had earlier.
We had set the color to be white.
We had set the text-align to be center.
Now we're resetting these to black and
left.
I am gonna press on at the moment and
continue on.
Because we're gonna continue to make
a whole lot of changes here and
this is going to change.